Add reference for named slot functions (#8946)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

<!-- renders as <div>SLOTS!</div> -->
```

Callback functions can be passed to named slots using a HTML tag with a `slot` attribute:

```astro
<Shout message="slots!">
  <fragment slot="message">
    {(message) => <div>{message}</div>}
  </fragment>
</Shout>
```

> This tag cannot be named `Fragment`, `slot` or include a dash `-`. The tag is only used to transfer the callback to a named slot, it does not get rendered onto the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a standard HTML element for the wrapping tag and not a component such as `<Fragment />`.  However, you cannot use the HTML `<slot>` element as this will be interpreted as an Astro slot. Lastly, the element name may not include a dash `-` to avoid conflicts with data attributes.
```

I'm wondering whether we can get away with just saying "Use a standard HTML element" which solves most of the naming restrictions. :smile:  Like, if they do choose a standard HTML element (that's not slot), we don't have to worry about them using Fragment (because it's a component, not an HTML element). I added a reason (not sure if accurate?) about why no dashes, but maybe we don't even need that sentence *if* we assume that a standard HTML element doesn't have dashes in the first place?

Author: Ya, I like that, that makes sense. I took another look at the dash `-` restriction and it looks like a bug that can be fixed upstream, so we can just remove that restriction to simplify things:

```suggestion
Always use a standard HTML element for the wrapping tag and not a `<Fragment />` or component. However, you cannot use the HTML element `<slot>` as this will be interpreted as an Astro slot. 
```

<!-- renders as <div>SLOTS!</div> -->
```

Callback functions can be passed to named slots inside a wrapping HTML element tag with a `slot` attribute. This element is only used to transfer the callback to a named slot and will not be rendered onto the page.

> A callback 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```astro
<Shout message="slots!">
  <fragment slot="message">
    {(message) => <div>{message}</div>}
  </fragment>
</Shout>
```

> This tag cannot be named `Fragment`, `slot` or include a dash `-`. The tag is only used to transfer the callback to a named slot, it does not get rendered onto the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a standard HTML element for the wrapping tag, or any lower case tag (e.g. `<fragment>` instead of `<Fragment />`) that will not be interpreted as a component.  Do not use the HTML `<slot>` element as this will be interpreted as an Astro slot.
```
I realized that I don't think `<fragment>` *is* a standard HTML element :sweat_smile: 

So, we should *either* do something like this, OR we should change the code sample to use a standard element!

Author: That example LGTM

I typically use a non-standard element like `<fragment>` for these examples to avoid confusion about the tag not getting rendered onto the page and looking very similar to other patterns inside `.astro` files like a `.map()`
